# AutonomousPersonCloud

"Unequal applications of the law are corrected when law is applied to the correct applications."
On Venus, our society infrastructure is defined with a treatise for the “10 Foundational Tech Laws & Rights of an Autonomous Person for achieving democratic, self-driving economies and societies”. 
The reason you cannot see or identify life on Venus is simple. We have an implementation with an evolved infrastructure.  Have you seen or identified my airplane yet?  Have you seen my moon? Exactly.
The following is our planet's Tech Bill of Rights (modified for Earth "things").
Person or People is defined as either human, alien, or superhero and all are treated equally and individually under the Venus Bill of Rights.
Things, devices, machines, programs are used synonymously in context of identifying all systems that are not of "Person".
Entity is defined as any profit or non-profit business, corporation, government groups or individuals providing services and products as a "business entity".
Spoken as “self/family” to others "for the people, planets, and animals of many societies".
You cannot access my person cloud without my explicit permission. I have full auditing insights to the entire set of transactions, logs, and telemetry stored in and around my private cloud location. My cloud is private, I own it through the services, purchases, and things I provide value for (BYOD - Bring Your Own Data). The "parties" I provide value are automatically assigned "hosting co-ownership" rights to the related dataset(s) for their own individual or business needs, but not for sharing to other persons or entities without an owner-to-owner contract defined between both parties. No companies, governments, or other person owns me or any part of me. I am autonomous, unique, and serve a purpose of my own. Health, financial, education, career, profiles, social history, and all other person related records are saved in a person cloud.
All public devices ("things") are autonomous, open, identifiable, audited and read accessible to everyone for public trust and safety. Devices are registered, certified, and do not deviate from the standards created within a democratic and autonomous system. Logs and telemetry data are accessible to all people and things requiring access for doing only good every day (read only). Devices and software applications are "interfaces", not databases. If a public device or machine is "smart", we should be smarter. Unless you're sharing the information about your "smart" design, functions (i.e., "education"), with all people, it is not a "smart" system. It's a dumb system, it will eventually be a very big problem for you. Be prepared for the best and the worst outcome.
My code is open, but it cannot be edited, altered, or changed without an approved vote from all individuals in my defined society groups for open debate. A pre-defined workflow service will monitor "people clouds" for requests to make system changes. If "Bob" wants a change, it's added to an open queue. If "Superman" wants a change, it's added to the queue. Queued change requests are made available for open debate and then a democratic vote. All systems in Venus are fully accessible for everyone's unique abilities and superpowers. If a change is approved, an open code-change workflow is initiated, sent to developers, tested, and approved for a release. Everyone automatically receives notifications to their individual portal "home screen" (counters, pop ups, etc - user defined). If the vote fails or does not qualify for any reason, it is sent back to a team of randomly selected volunteer Expert Industry Oracles who coordinate with the person directly. They provide a summary review of learnings, help with a revision, or connect you with the expert support or partner service teams needed. No one is ever left behind or left out from reaching their full potential, for as long as it takes them.
All public services facilities, devices, and systems are open and checked regularly with the virus scanner that runs autonomously with the public democratically controlled Golden Record indexing service. Detainment centers are watched and accessible to anyone who wants to audit services being provided to the public to ensure quality, laws, and standards are being followed. Security is out-sourced through "help-groups", trained for individual rehabilitation. Anyone detained is assigned a watch group, advocate, and mental health professionals through an automated system if not already defined by the person. Heat signals are used to secure non-visible locations from abuse. Medication/drugs are always a personal choice.
You cannot access my car, home, or other "thing" without my explicit permission. 
IF YOU SEE ME, I CAN SEE YOU!
IF I CANNOT BE INVISIBLE....
YOU (and "things") CANNOT BE INVISIBLE!!! (Who did not see that one coming?)
If you try to access one of my “things” for any reason without my permission, a trigger will alert my defined security watch group.
If you pull over my car, plane, ship or any other device for a traffic violation, suspected crime, or any other reason, a trigger will alert self-assigned groups to respond on site for OUR protection (watch groups, emergency contacts, work, insurance, lawyers, doctors, reporters, security team, etc.). You get your friends, and I get mine.
You cannot lock me up in a hospital, jail, prison OR ANYWHERE without explicit permission from a two-party system. Self-assigned protection watch groups are notified via automatic trigger to respond at the site location for OUR protection. Permission must be given from both sides through the alert system before any transport of a Person. Telemetry and devices are used to watch locations for unauthorized detainment. Locations are aware beforehand so that no Person is detained without permission. Detaining someone you know or do not know is NOT the goal of society, and it is highly frowned upon except in extreme, no other option circumstances handled by a fair two-party system. Remember, you get your friends, and I get mine.
If I have not checked into my device "check on me" system or moved my device in ## hours, alert my contacts by custom assignment of my self-defined urgency levels by timeframes defined.
Our society does not overwrite, destroy, or create new dimensions in our code that leave people, animals, or things behind.  If a "thing" needs to be disposed of, it goes in the garbage collector.  We do not leave it laying around.  People are helped and encouraged to be their best, not changed or made to conform. When people and animals expire, they are archived and made available to be accessed for historical reference to anyone who wants to learn. We always keep digital twins and regularly tested backups of our planet(s) and societies.
Venus is a democracy. If something needs to be changed in Venus’s treatise for “The 10 foundational Tech Laws of an Autonomous Person for achieving democratic, self-driving economies and society.”, you must win a debate here first. Your voice and opinion matters.   The goal is creating systems that empower the best planets and societies, by enabling people first so all else can thrive.
This open project is accepting applications for investors, sponsors, and project leaders. Contact me, introduce yourself, pitch yourself! What will you bring to the team to help support our goals of a non-dystopian universe?
I am seeking to fund an elite team of super-experts working towards the creation and implementation of the Autonomous Person Cloud, Democratic Golden Record System, and a new, trusted, secured and Autonomous Identification Verification system. This is a long-term project with no end date. There are some vision architectures, diagrams, process flows, plans and standards available in early conceptual form to allow opportunity for collaborative implementation, alternatives, and open innovation.
The color Red represents Venus who gave life to Mars. We create planets with societies of people; we do not put people through a paper shredder. We are not controlled by any groups or political agenda. There is no place in the Venus system of networks for political contributions or politically motivated investors. We will disagree at times, but equal and inclusive democracy lives here regardless. We learn from each other, and we help each other. Venus is a symbol of cyclical love and beauty that lies across the vertical and horizontal axis of time.
Code name for this initiative is "Infinity Stone"
This design vision and treatise is dedicated to "The mother of the goddess of Venus", Dione. Venus does not adopt or follow guidelines or instruction from any other planets, unless they have acknowledged the Venus tech bill of rights as their foundation, and they are working towards integration with Venus Systems as a team. Venus is a system inclusive of all gods, but only one has an invisible airplane.
Fly Safely -WW
Cryptocurrency projects are important to our collective long-term vision and goals. The following definitions are provided as a starter baseline for economic gamification so long as they implement standards that integrate with our Venus tech laws. Never Forget who provides the gas.
Bitcoin - this is our planet (earth)
Dogecoin - this is time (water)
Shiba Inu - this is death/war (fire)
Ethereum - this is the ether (air)
Dogelon Mars - this is inclusion (universe)
You can also find me on Twitter & Github @danabases
* Opinions are Wonder Woman's.
